22-Aug-2022

Dear Ed,

JOG-22-0074 entitled "Performance analysis of high-resolution ice sheet simulations" which you submitted to the Journal of Glaciology, has been reviewed.  The comments of the reviewer(s) and editor are included at the bottom of this letter.

The reviewer(s) and editor have recommended publication, but also suggest some minor revisions to your manuscript.  Therefore, I invite you to respond to their comments and revise your manuscript.

Due to the circumstances related to the COVID-19 pandemic we understand that unusual delays are possible. If needed, please contact the handling SE/ACE or the IGS Editorial Office (igs-glaciology@cambridge.org) to arrange extensions to deadlines.

To start your revision now, click the link below:

*** PLEASE NOTE: This is a two-step process. After clicking on the link, you will be directed to a webpage to confirm. ***

https://mc.manuscriptcentral.com/jog?URL_MASK=3dce47406f9b4c7f8b86368fdea2cbde

Alternatively, you may log into your Author Centre at https://mc.manuscriptcentral.com/jog, where you will find your manuscript under "Manuscripts Awaiting Revision". Upon submission of the revised version, your manuscript number will be appended to denote a revision.

When submitting your revised manuscript, you will be able to respond to the comments made by the reviewer(s) and editor in the space provided.  Please use this space to document any changes you make to the original manuscript.  In order to expedite the processing of the revised manuscript, please be as specific as possible in your response to the reviewer(s).

Because we are trying to facilitate timely publication of manuscripts submitted to the Journal of Glaciology, your revised manuscript should be uploaded as soon as possible. We expect to receive your revision by 06-Sep-2022. If it is not possible for you to submit your revision by this date, please contact the Editorial Office to rearrange the due date. Otherwise we may have to consider your paper as a new submission.

Once again, thank you for submitting your manuscript to the Journal of Glaciology and I look forward to receiving your revision.

Best regards, Ralf

Prof. Ralf Greve
Scientific Editor, Journal of Glaciology
greve@lowtem.hokudai.ac.jp
